# CS-340-Project-Two

  For this project, I made a Grazioso Salvare Dashboard (with the usage of Dash framework) and connected to a MongoDB database. This project contains interactive drop-downs and menus for filtering, as well as a geolocation chart snd dash table for a better visualization. This database was specifically designed to track animal data at shelters, facilitating easier decision-making. To ensure my programs are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I incorporated different aspects such as CRUD and documentation along with testing to ensure the code was consistent every step of the way. The CRUD design (create, read, update, and delete) allowed for efficient accessibility between the dashboard widgets and animal shelter database. The constant usage of comments helped when I needed to modify or amend my code while testing, which I performed as often as I could as well.
  My approach to this project was to break it down into several manageable pieces, and keeping the scope on how to implement my ideas with me at all times. While implementing CRUD into my project, I was focused on the technical side of the project; The dashboard side, however, was more focused on the layout and user accessibility. This assignment was unique in the fact that I had to focus on many different components while designing my code, including the user experience as well as database management. For future projects, I plan to use the same mindset of organizing task sizes appropriately while focusing on the grand scope of what it needs to be able to accomplish. 
  Through the usage of technology, computer scientists solve real-world problems by designing and building systems which help streamline or accomplish specific tasks. Companies can operate more efficiently as a result of these tools, and this can be seen in the Grazioso Salvare project where tracking/managing animal shelter data is important. By providing the dashboard, the company can optimize efficiency in managing such a quantity of animals, and focusing on their actual mission as opposed to managing said data manually.
